Rice Wavelet Tools version 2.4
Released - <Dec 1 2002>

The Rice Wavelet Toolbox (RWT) is a collection of Matlab M-files and C 
MEX-files for 1D and 2D wavelet and filter bank design, analysis, and 
processing. The toolbox provides tools for denoising and interfaces directly 
with our Matlab code for wavelet domain hidden Markov models and wavelet 
regularized deconvolution (see dsp.rice.edu/software).  

Important Note: Earlier version of the Rice Wavelet Toolbox (upto version 2.3) 
do NOT compile under Matlab versions 6.0 (Release 12) and above. The current 
version (version 2.4) fixes this compatibilty issue.

Version 1.1 (August 30, 1993) was the first officially released RWT.  Version 
2.01 (April 18, 1994) had several significant enhancements.  The current 
distribution, Version 2.4 (Dec 1, 2002) below, has been streamlined and packaged 
for different systems, including Solaris, Linux, and Microsoft Windows.  Functions 
omitted in Version 2.4 can be found in the Version 2.01 distribution.

Older versions are available in the 'dist' directory.

The Rice Wavelet Toolbox is open source software.  See the LICENSE file. It is 
distributed as-is, free of charge, and without warranty.  This README file also 
contains a list of toolbox functions available in version 2.4.

Notes on Source Code:

Version 2.4 Source Code

    * Source code in gzip compressed format for UNIX users. To unpack gzip'ed files, 
      execute "gunzip rwt.tar.gz" followed by "tar -xvf rwt.tar".
    * Source code in PC zip compressed format for PC users

The source code contains matlab .m files and .c files that need to be compiled. 
Please see the installation instructions.

Also available below are version 2.4 pre-compiled packages for:

    * Linux version 7.2 compiled using Matlab 6.5 (R13) and Linux Red Hat Release 9.0
    * Mac OS X version compiled using Matlab 6.5 (R13) and Mac OS X
    * Solaris version 2.7 compiled using Matlab 5.3 (R11.1) and SunOS 5.7 (Solaris 2.7)
    * Windows NT/2000/XP compiled using Matlab 6.5 (R13) and Windows XP
    * Windows 95/98/ME compiled using Matlab 5.3 (R11) and Windows 98

INSTALLATION: 

To install this distribution of Rice Wavelet Tools see the INSTALL file.

SOURCE:

     github.com/ricedsp/rwt

BUGS AND HELP:
 
For bug reports use the Github issue tracker.
For help using the RWT, post a message to rwt-users@googlegroups.com.

CONDITIONS FOR USE:

See the LICENSE file

TOOLBOX FUNCTIONS:

 Wavelet Transforms
     mdwt - Discrete orthogonal wavelet transform using the Mallat algorithm (1D and 2D)
     midwt - Inverse discrete orthogonal wavelet transform
     mrdwt - Undecimated (redundant) discrete wavelet transform (1D and 2D)
     mirdwt - Inverse undecimated discrete wavelet transform
     daubcqf - Daubechies filter coefficients

 Wavelet Domain Processing
     denoise - Denoise signals and images by thresholding wavelet coefficients
     HardTh - Hard thresholding
     SoftTh - Soft thresholding

 Other
     makesig - Create Donoho-Johnstone test signals
     compile - Compile the Rice Wavelet Toolbox

Functions omitted in this version of toolbox can be found in 
version 2.01.


